[Music]
eight benefits of ice doctors never told
you the same goes that your face is your
fortune you may not support this
statement but surely you want to keep
your skin healthy and radiant then you
should know about one beauty hack that
is super simple and cheap but absolutely
and unfairly underrated ice therapy you
probably have some ice cubes lying
around in your freezer surprisingly
they're good not only for creating
colorful cocktails but also for caring
for your skin ice has a relaxing and
therapeutic effect and it can also read
you of numerous skin problems
wait don't rush off to refill your eye
supply yet first click the subscription
button this way you'll get to the bright
side of life where you'll find a lot of
beauty hacks weight loss techniques and
other extremely useful and interesting
videos remember to ring the notification
bell so you don't miss any important
updates first of all let's talk about
cold therapy itself all you need to
perform home cryotherapy
is ice ice and a bit more ice and here
are the most important things you should
remember about this type of treatment
you should always use cold therapy on a
clean face it's a good idea to wear
gloves to hold the ice cubes this will
protect your hands especially if you're
planning to give yourself a long and
relaxing facial when you massage your
face don't apply ice directly to your
skin without covering it with a soft
cloth or plastic bag at the same time
you can use ice cubes directly on your
face to reduce acne or swelling around
your eyes to avoid skin burns never
apply ice packs to your body for more
than one hour you can double the benefit
by making ice cubes with cucumber green
tea horsetail tea or garlic
by the way cold therapy is not just an
effective way to look after your skin it
can also help you get rid of belly fat
the secret of how to do this will be
revealed a little later on but first
let's figure out how your skin benefits
from ice therapy 8 you'll get smooth and
glowing skin the ice massage that you
perform on your face can ensure that
your skin becomes radiant and smooth
this is because massage improves blood
circulation but when you apply ice to
your face your blood vessels constrict
due to the cold this decreases the blood
flow to your skin the body tries to
balance this out and begins to circulate
more blood to your face
as a result your skin looks alive Lee
and glowing every evening or before
going to bed try the following wash your
face fill a plastic bag with ice and
gently massage your face and neck area
for about 3 minutes after a few days
you'll get noticeable results your skin
will become fresh and smooth ice therapy
also helps you to sleep better 7 you'll
get rid of acne ice therapy is one of
the best ways to attack acne problems
when you move an ice cube over your face
you've minimized the amount of oil your
skin produces on top of that this method
helps to cure the swelling and bumps
caused by acne wash your face wrap an
ice cube in a clean soft cloth or a
napkin and gently press it against a
pimple for 3 to 5 minutes it won't be
long before you see results
[Music]
six cold therapy reduces wrinkles cold
therapy is also a simple but effective
way to fight wrinkles
first of all ice improves your blood
circulation secondly it keeps your skin
hydrated
in addition applying ice cubes to your
skin helps to tighten it and lock in
moisture which prevents premature aging
and wrinkles wash your face with
lukewarm or warm water and then
carefully dry it with a towel wrap a
cube of ice in a napkin or a plastic
cover you can massage your face for
about a minute every day before applying
makeup the good thing is that such
therapy not only reduces wrinkles that
already exist but also prevents the
appearance of new ones five it will help
you fight open pores the pores on your
face
release perspiration and natural oils
it's an absolutely normal process that
actually keeps your skin clean but if
some dirt accumulates in the pores this
results in acne and pimples when you rub
an ice cube over your face it helps to
shrink your pores
thus dirt stays away from them and your
face remains clean
rub an ice cube directly over your face
for two to three minutes if you're
consistent you'll notice your enlarged
pores and open pores shrinking within a
few days four you'll get rid of puffy
eyes did you cry all night long and wake
up with puffy eyes or did you drink too
much water the day before there are many
reasons why your eyes can become swollen
but don't worry ice to the rescue wrap
two ice cubes and pieces of cloth place
them over your closed eyes and gently
massage the most inflamed areas for no
more than two minutes with slow circular
motions the most effective way to
perform this procedure is to use ice
cubes made from green tea or milk an
additional advantage of this simple
massage is that it will also prevent
your eyes from looking tired three cold
therapy helps to exfoliate your skin if
you want a cheap and quick facial
prepare several ice cubes made with milk
milk contains a lactic acid which will
freshen up your face and scrub away dead
cells if you want an extra exfoliating
effect add some blueberry or cucumber
puree to the milk before freezing it
after you've chosen the ingredients to
your liking and made ice cubes wrap them
in a plastic bag or a clean napkin
massage your skin with these ice cubes
until the ice melts after that rinse
your face with warm water right away to
use cold therapy to reduce the oiliness
of your skin
many people have serious issues with
their skin being too oily those who are
familiar with this problem know the
feeling of wanting to wipe away this
oily sensation from their skin once and
for all
that's when ice cubes will come in handy
they decrease oil secretion and make
your face feel light and fresh right
after you wash your face rub an ice cube
wrapped in a napkin or a plastic bag
over your skin when you're finished
apply your favorite moisturizer to
increase the cooling effect of this
procedure you can add mint to your ice
cubes one ice cubes will make your lips
softer if you notice that your lips have
become chapped try applying ice cubes to
them don't worry this won't make the
situation worse on the contrary this
procedure will help to reduce the
inflammation use one ice cube wrapped in
a napkin or a piece of clean cloth to
massage your lips for several minutes
it's important not to overdo this also
drink more water as this will keep your
lips hydrated bonus combat belly fat if
you can't afford a professional
cryotherapy session there is something
you can try at home place an ice pack on
your belly for 15 minutes then remove it
and take a break for 3 minutes repeat
this procedure for a maximum of an hour
you can use ice packs with horsetail tea
green tea coffee and rosemary ice
transforms white fat cells into brown
fat cells that can be burned more easily
and quickly through the process of
metabolism but remember that these
tricks give the best result when
combined with a healthy diet in
Euler exercise have you ever used ice
for cosmetic purposes do you have your
own secrets for how to do this
effectively tell us in the comments
below hit the like button if you're
going to try some cold therapy methods
described in this video share it with
your friends who care about the health
of their skin as much as you do and
subscribe to join us on the bright side
of life